Reducing the verbosity of the tutorial (#444)
cyclus/cyclus.github.com: source/user/tutorial/add_commod_recipe.rst

Reviewer: Should we remove this section or move it somewhere else?  It's an optional and advanced feature that we haven't really explained.  I think we can talk about the role of commodities without describing how or the option of adding a commodities block...

Reviewer 2: Maybe my understanding is lacking, but don't wee need to define the commodities in order to use them as in and out commodities for prototypes?

Reviewer: We don't need to define them.  Your understanding may actually stem from this part of the tutorial! 😀

Commodities are defined implicitly by their use in archetypes.

Reviewer 2: In that case, I agree. This section isn't necessary, and may even cause confusion, as it did for me. If we were to move it, where would be the best place for it? Otherwise, I can remove it.

Reviewer: I think the part that introduces the concept of commodities within the DRE is useful and can stay.  Starting with the "Activity" we can remove it and add a sentence or two that states that commodities don't have to be explicitly defined. Rather, they are defined implicitly by the facilities and the commodities they choose to trade.

Reviewer: Should this be a template, per our normal pattern?

Reviewer 3: I agree. Let's make sure we have a template for this section somewhere on the page.

Reviewer 2: In my most recent commits, I changed this to our template form and edited the surrounding material to fit the context of the template.

For `id` in the template, I put `[int]` as the placeholder, as that is standard format for expressing the Nuc IDs, but strings can also be used, as mentioned in lines 77 to 85. Is there a different way this placeholder should be handled given the different data types that are acceptable?

Reviewer 3: Maybe `[string, int]`? Would that make it seem like you need to have both? Or `[string or int]`?

Reviewer 2: I think if we want to have both in the template, something like `[string or int]` would be best. My initial thought was `[int] OR [string]`, but don't know that one is strictly better or clearer that the other.

    :align: center
    :alt: Commodity trade flowchart

|Cyclus| does not require commodities to be defined explicitly in the input file. 

> Commodities are instead defined implicitly by facilities when they choose to trade.

Reviewer 3: I understand removing this part of the tutorial. Do we have somewhere else on the website that discusses this input block and it's purpose? If so, we should add that in here as a further reading item. If we don't, we should probably add that in as documentation.

Reviewer 2: As far as I can tell, the only place on the website that mentions the commodity block is in `sim_schema.rst`, but that doesn't explain it's purpose. I agree that it should exist somewhere, but I'm not sure where would be best for it. Do you have any thoughts on that?

Reviewer 3: My immediate solution would be to remove the optional part from the tutorial and make a new issue for where to host the commodities input block discussion on the website. We can have a focused conversation with the new issue.

Reviewer 2: Ok, I created #446 to have that conversation.

    :align: center
    :alt: Commodity trade flowchart

|Cyclus| does not require commodities to be defined explicitly in the input file. 

> Commodities are instead defined implicitly by facilities when they choose to trade. 

Reviewer: Nitpicking on the precision of the language:
```suggestion
Commodities are instead defined implicitly by facilities when they indicate which facilities they will trade as either inputs or outputs. 
```

Most commodities are materials, which have a quantity and an
isotopic composition.
Recipes are the isotopic composition of a certain material. 
The recipe section of a |Cyclus| input file is
typically located at the end of the input and is of the form:

.. code-block:: XML

    <recipe>
      <name>[string]</name>
      <basis>[string]</basis>
      <nuclide>

>         <id>[int] OR [string]</id>

Reviewer: We could also just define the type as `[NucID]` and then define that later?
```suggestion
        <id>[NucID]</id>
```

Reviewer 2: That is an option, but we would need to decide if we're ok with not using the data type as the placeholder in this one instance.

Reviewer: Arguably - it is the data type...

Reviewer 2: I guess by data type, I meant string, int, double, bool, etc.

        <comp>[double]</comp>
      </nuclide>
      <nuclide>
        <id>[int] OR [string]</id>
        <comp>[double]</comp>
      </nuclide>
      ...
    </recipe>

> where basis can be ``mass`` or ``atom``, ``id`` is the Nuc Id of the isotope in form ZZAAA, and ``comp`` is the
> composition of that isotope in the recipe. Other isotope formats for ``id`` are
> also acceptable, such as those used by `pyne <http://pyne.io/theorymanual/nucname.html>`_. 
> For example, :math:`^{235}`\ U can be expressed as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where basis can be ``mass`` or ``atom``, ``id`` identifies which nuclide in one of the forms listed below, and ``comp`` is the
composition of that nuclide in the recipe. Many formats are allowed for a ``NucID` as defined by `pyne <http://pyne.io/theorymanual/nucname.html>`_. 
For example, :math:`^{235}`\ U can be expressed as:
```

The recipe name ``fresh_uox`` is specified, as are the isotope nuclide IDs and the 

> corresponding mass fraction of each nuclide. The ``fresh_uox`` is composed of 4% U-235 and 96% U-238.

Reviewer: Should we delete this? It seems redundant now? (maybe always was?)

Reviewer 2: I tend to agree. I will remove it.
